Blazor persistent services: document singleton registration requirement for WebAssembly clients (#37412)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/state-management/prerendered-state-persistence.md

    .RegisterPersistentService<CounterTracker>(RenderMode.InteractiveAuto);
```

### Client project service registration

For `RenderMode.InteractiveAuto` or `RenderMode.InteractiveWebAssembly`, the service must also be registered in the `.Client` project's `Program` file. Register it as a **singleton**, not scoped:

```csharp
builder.Services.AddSingleton<CounterTracker>();
```

> The client-side `ComponentStatePersistenceManager` is registered as a singleton, so it resolves its dependencies from the root service provider. If the service is registered as scoped on the client, resolving it from the root provider throws a `DirectScopedResolvedFromRootException` in Development environments. Beyond the exception, a scoped registration would produce two separate instances on the client: one resolved from the root during state restoration and another from the app scope for injected components. This means the restored state wouldn't reach the instance the components use. Registering the service as a singleton on the client ensures that the same instance is used for both state restoration and component injection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The client-side `ComponentStatePersistenceManager` is registered as a singleton, so it resolves its dependencies from the root service provider. *Avoid a scoped service registration.* If the service is incorrectly registered as scoped on the client, resolving it from the root provider throws a `DirectScopedResolvedFromRootException` in Development environments. Beyond the exception, a scoped registration produces two separate instances on the client: one resolved from the root during state restoration and another from the app scope for injected components. This means the restored state doesn't reach the instance the components use. Registering the service as a singleton on the client ensures that the same instance is used for both state restoration and component injection.
```
